This project was to create a banking app that took user banking input and calculated year end balances with and without interest for the user based on the numbers they entered in the questionnaire. The user could then re-run the program with new numbers or quit at any time. The most challenging part I came across was validating input, particularly when trying to account for the user entering a character instead of a number. I have found that youtube has a lot of channels dedicated to learning code and found these to be very valuable when solving unexpected issues. Because of the struggles I was having, I feel that the extra effort I put towards my input validation ended up being my strongest part of the code. I was able to create functions that would ensure the user only entered a positive integer, accounting for all other possible inputs and displaying an error message and reprompting the user in that case. One thing that I wish I was able to impliment is the ability to quit during the questionnaire because this would account for the user accidentally continuing to a new calculation when they had meant to quit. This project was the first where we usaed multiple files to create classes which I think will be extremely helpful practice for any other project that I take on, as I will need to be able to work with multiple files in cooperation with eachother. Through the use of classes, inline comments, and use of C++ best practices and namin conventions, I was able to keep this code maintainable, readable, and adaptable. 
